BigAnimal: handling BigAnimal updates (#2555)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/overview/updates.mdx

---
title: Periodic maintenance
---

> EDB performs periodic maintenance to ensure stability and security. EDB performs minor version upgrades and patch updates as part of periodic maintenance. You are notified in the BigAnimal portal prior to maintenance occurring. Details are available on the [BigAnimal status page](https://status.biganimal.com/). You can subscribe to get these updates in a feed by selecting **Subscribe to Updates** on the status page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EDB performs periodic maintenance to ensure stability and security of your clusters. EDB performs minor version upgrades and patch updates as part of this periodic maintenance. You are notified in the BigAnimal portal prior to maintenance occurring. Details are available on the [BigAnimal status page](https://status.biganimal.com/). You can subscribe to get these updates in a feed by selecting **Subscribe to Updates** on the status page. 
```

EDB reserves the right to upgrade customers to the latest minor version without prior notice in an extraordinary circumstance. You cannot configure minor versions. 

> These updates may cause transient outages that in some cases may cause clusters to go down. If that happens, the outage should be for a minute or less but it is your responsibility to restart the clusters. These outages are not counted toward the minimum connectivity commitments in the service level agreements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases these updates may terminate existing network connections to your clusters. If that happens, the outage should be very brief - typically less than 30 seconds. Be sure your applications are configured to automatically re-connect when connections are interrupted. Most modern database libraries do this by default.
```

> ## Handling BigAnimal update outages

Reviewer: This section should be deleted - I folded this in to the previous block.
